Add release notes for 2019-005. (#343)
vanilla/docs: content/help/releases/2019-005.md

---
title: 2019.005
tags:
- Cloud
- Releases
- "2019"
category: help
menu:
  help:
    parent: releases
    weight: 201601
aliases:
  - /help/releases/2019-005
---

> _Vanilla 2019.005 was first deployed on April 10, 2019._

Reviewer: The date is off now.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1770056/55846050-4d8aed00-5b12-11e9-8300-eba0bdf8b4ba.png)

### Improved UI Cohesiveness

This release saw numerous improvements to overall UI cohesiveness and polish. Areas of significant improvement include

-   Form inputs
-   Buttons
-   Modals
-   General text-alignment & metrics

### Google Sign In 

Due to the fact that **[Google is sunsetting Google+ Sign In](https://support.google.com/plus/answer/9217723?hl=en)** method we are adding Google Sign In. Forums that are using Google+ now are strongly recommended to create an OpenID OAuth 2.0 application at Google and turn on the Google Sign In plugin.

For more information about the user authentication workflow that is being implemented [please read this documentation on Google.com](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/OpenIDConnect). For instructions on how to set up the plugin see [Vanilla user docs for Google Sign In](https://docs.vanillaforums.com/help/sso/social-connect/#google)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2651070/55909483-30096200-5baa-11e9-8c2c-d11a9118c13d.png);

## Other Fixes

> ### Developer Notes

Reviewer: Why are these in the Developer Notes section?

And where the actual developer notes that I wrote?

- Harden permissions to block the Categories API endpoint from returning the names of Categories for which the user does not have permissions to view.
- Add permission check before allowing Users to follow a Category.
- Fix image embeds from i.imgur.com in the Rich Editor.
- Fix bug where Private Messages with recipients went to every user that did not have a user name.

> - Fix unwanted behaviour when announcing a Discusion in a Social Group. The announcement should only affect the Social Group (the Discussion should not be announded in Recent Discussions outside of the Group). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix unwanted behaviour when announcing a Discussion in a Social Group. The announcement should only affect the Social Group (the Discussion should not be announced in Recent Discussions outside of the Group). 
```
